README.md, before:

Zend Developer Tools
====================

Module providing debug tools for working with the [Zend Framework 2](https://github.com/zendframework/zf2) MVC
layer.

Installation
============

1. Install the module via composer by running:

   ```sh
   php composer.phar require zendframework/zend-developer-tools:dev-master
   ```
   or download it directly from github and place it in your application's `module/` directory.
2. Add the `ZendDeveloperTools` module to the module section of your `config/application.config.php`
3. Copy `ZendDeveloperTools/config/zenddevelopertools.local.php.dist` to
   `./config/autoload/zenddevelopertools.local.php`. Change any settings in it
   according to your needs.
4. Add the following in your `index.php`:
   ```
   define('REQUEST_MICROTIME', microtime(true));
   ```

   **Note:** The displayed execution time in the toolbar will be highly inaccurate if you don't define `REQUEST_MICROTIME`.


If you wish to profile `Zend\Db` queries, you will have to install and enable
[BjyProfiler](https://github.com/bjyoungblood/BjyProfiler).

Commit message:

Add PHP version check for defining start time. Get it from REQUEST_TIME_FLOAT for PHP >= 5.4.0

README.md, after:

Zend Developer Tools
====================

Module providing debug tools for working with the [Zend Framework 2](https://github.com/zendframework/zf2) MVC
layer.

Installation
============

1. Install the module via composer by running:

   ```sh
   php composer.phar require zendframework/zend-developer-tools:dev-master
   ```
   or download it directly from github and place it in your application's `module/` directory.
2. Add the `ZendDeveloperTools` module to the module section of your `config/application.config.php`
3. Copy `ZendDeveloperTools/config/zenddevelopertools.local.php.dist` to
   `./config/autoload/zenddevelopertools.local.php`. Change any settings in it
   according to your needs.
4. If server version of PHP is lower than 5.4.0 add the following in your `index.php`:
   ```
   define('REQUEST_MICROTIME', microtime(true));
   ```

   **Note:** The displayed execution time in the toolbar will be highly inaccurate
    if you don't define `REQUEST_MICROTIME` at PHP < 5.4.0.


If you wish to profile `Zend\Db` queries, you will have to install and enable
[BjyProfiler](https://github.com/bjyoungblood/BjyProfiler).
